# Website Link

https://adirathodd.pythonanywhere.com/

# Distinctiveness and Complexity:

My project is significatnly different from the rest of the projects such as the e-commerce website since it uses something never used before. I take advantage of 
the yfinance module to help me create a paper trading web application. First thing to do is sign up the user, which can be done through the register button on the top. If the user is not logged in, they will not be able to search for any stocks. The register page allows the user to sign up using a username, an email, and a password that is longer than 8 characters. If the username or email is taken, it will provide an error. There will also be an error is the password is not long enough. When one makes their account for the first time, I give the user a starting balance of $10,000 which they are able to spend buying any stock they please. The dashboard gives the user a summary of all the stocks they own inlcuding the number of shares, its current value, and the time they bought the shares. It also provides the user the total value of their entire portfolio including the cash they have. There is a search
bar at the top right of the screen which allows the user to search for any stock they want and can buy or sell if they already have a
share. If the user attempts to buy stocks worth more than the cash they have, there will be an error message saying "Insufficient funds"
to handle any problems. Also, the sell button when looking at a particular stock is only visible if the user already has one of their shares and the max value of the sell form will be the amount of shares they have. This way no one is buying more stocks than they can afford and no one is selling more stocks than they own. Each stock shows a graph of its recent prices and I have given the user three graphs to choose from - 1 year, 6 months, and 1 month. Using javascript, I manage to make three buttons corresponding to each graph
and the default that will be shown is the 1 year chart. The page also gives a slight summary of the company for the user to better understand its business.

# Files Breakdown

In the app called trading, there is a folder named 'templates' which contain all of the HTML files for the web application. The files are dashboard, layout, login, register, and search. Dashboard is the home page of the user if logged in and search is to show the summary of a
stock when it is search for from search bar. The layout file contains the top bar for the entire website which changes depending on if a user is logged in or not. The login file is for logging the user in and the register file is the page for registering a new user. Lastly, the search file is a page that changes based on which stock the user searches. This file uses information from the views.py file to obtain data about the stock in question and then presents a small summary. If the user possesses the stock, it will show a sell button which I implemented using an 'if' statement. The maximum number of shares they can sell is limited to the amount of shares they have to avoid any errors. The search function from views.py gives the page three different graphs of the stock and the 1 year graph is shown by default and the 6 month and 1 month grpahs ares hidden by default. There are buttons for each graph above the graph which use javascript to show the graph clicked on by the user and hiding the other graphs. The static folder contains a style.css file for styling purposes for the login and register page and also the size of the graphs in the search page. Admin.py contains all of the access the superuser has which is User and Transaction. This allows the admin to make any change he or she wants to any transaction or user. Apps.py was used to register the trading app. Models.py has my two models User and Transaction. In addition to the default information, I added a balance field which has a default value of 10,000 which is the strarting cash balance for all users. Urls.py contains the different paths of this app such as login, logout, register, search, buy and sell which all use its corresponding function found in the Views.py . Views.py contains all of the python code to render and perform different functions such as buying, selling, and showing the dashboard. Db.sqlite3 contains all of the information of the users and transactions.
